c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\obj\Debug\TheBest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\TheBest.dll.config
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\TheBest.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\TheBest.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\TheBest.Business.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\TheBest.Providers.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\TheBest.Business.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\TheBest.Providers.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\obj\Debug\TheBest.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TheBest\TheBest\obj\Debug\TheBest.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\TheBest.dll.config
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\TheBest.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\TheBest.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\TheBest.Business.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\TheBest.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\TheBest.Business.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\TheBest.Providers.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\obj\Debug\TheBest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\obj\Debug\TheBest.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Source\Repos\evaluateTheStudent\TheBest\obj\Debug\TheBest.pdb
